Remove normative guidance about key selection (#167)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

During the transition period, the post-quantum algorithms will not be supported by all clients.
Therefore various migration considerations must be taken into account, in particular backwards compatibility to existing implementations that have not yet been updated to support the post-quantum algorithms.

> ## Encrypting to Traditional and PQ/T Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Encrypting to Traditional and PQ(/T) Keys
```

Author: The convention in the document seems to be to use `PQ/T` for encryption and `PQ(/T)` for signatures, since all encryption algorithms are `PQ/T` but for signatures we have `PQ` and `PQ/T` algorithms. I'm not sure if that's really necessary and I would not be against changing everything to PQ(/T) (in a separete PR)

As noted in {{composite-kem}}, the confidentiality of a message is not post-quantum secure when using multiple PKESKs if at least one does not use PQ/T encryption schemes.

> An implementation SHOULD NOT abort the encryption process when encrypting a message to both PQ/T and traditional keys to allow for a smooth transition to post-quantum cryptography.

Author: I am not 100% decided on this what do the others think?

> An implementation SHOULD NOT abort the encryption process when encrypting a message to both PQ/T and traditional keys to allow for a smooth transition to post-quantum cryptography.

Reviewer: I think we should remove the sentence.

## Signing with Traditional and PQ(/T) Keys

> An implementation MAY sign with both a PQ(/T) and a traditional key using multiple signatures over the same data as described in {{multiple-signatures}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation may sign with both a PQ(/T) and a traditional key using multiple signatures over the same data as described in {{multiple-signatures}}.
```
I would also put this in lower case to avoid normative language in the considerations section.

# Security Considerations

> ## Parallel Encryption to PQ/(T) and Traditional Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parallel Encryption to PQ(/T) and Traditional Keys
```

This document does not specify how implementations should handle encrypting to PQ(/T) keys and traditional keys at the same time, and it is out of scope to define which encryption subkeys should be selected.
However, implementers should be aware of the implications.

If at least one PKESK packet for an encrypted message uses a traditional public-key algorithm, the message can be decrypted by a cryptographically relevant quantum computer (CRQC).

> While the existence of a CRQC is not yet known to the public at the time of writing this document, they may become a reality in the following years.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While the existence of a CRQC is not yet known to the public at the time of writing this document, they may become a reality in the not too distant future.
```
"In the following years" is too much of a prediction in my view.

Author: For me "following years" is less of a prediction than "not too distant future". Both are fairly subjective, so how about writing just "future" instead of "not too distrant future"?

> This also affects the confidentiality of messages sent today due to the possibility of storing traditionally-encrypted messages and decrypting them later when a CRQC is available.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't refer to "today" in an RFC. 
```suggestion
This also affects the confidentiality of messages sent in the pre-quantum era due to the possibility of storing traditionally-encrypted messages and decrypting them later when a CRQC is available.
```

> This strategy is commonly referred to as "store now, decrypt later" or "harvest now, decrypt later".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This attack scenario is commonly referred to as "store now, decrypt later" or "harvest now, decrypt later".
```
